For every additional element, why you are adding it?
What are firewalls for?
The firewalls are for protecting the network from unwanted and unauthorized users by acting as an intermediary between the internal network and the external network and blocking the incoming traffic.

Why is the traffic served over HTTPS?
The SSL certificate is for encrypting the traffic between the web servers and the external network to prevent man-in-the-middle attacks (MITM) and network sniffers from sniffing the traffic which could expose valuable information. The SSL certs ensure privacy, integrity, and identification.

What monitoring is used for?
The monitoring clients are for monitoring the servers and the external network. They analyse the performance and operations of the servers, measure the overall health, and alert the administrators if the servers are not performing as expected. The monitoring tool observes the servers and provides key metrics about the servers' operations to the administrators.

How the monitoring tool is collecting data?
It collects log files generated by applications, operating systems, or services to extract information about events, errors, and performance metrics.

Explain what to do if you want to monitor your web server QPS.
By enabling a monitoring tool, Ensure that your web server is configured to expose metrics, and configure the monitoring tool to collect metrics from the web server. 


ISSUES:
Why terminating SSL at the load balancer level is an issue?
Terminating SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) at the load balancer level means that the SSL/TLS encryption is decrypted at the load balancer, and the unencrypted traffic is then forwarded to the backend servers.

Why having only one MySQL server capable of accepting writes is an issue?
because it is not scalable as the volume of write operations increases, the server may struggle to keep up with the demand.

Why having servers with all the same components (database, web server and application server) might be a problem?
Bad performance as different kinds of software components have distinct hardware needs. For instance, database systems may require lots of I/O throughput and memory. On the other hand, application logic might draw more CPU power.
Security issues as some software components are more exposed than others. So, it is good to place our key assets (like data) in less prone servers.
